Today, we'll be playing
Mario Golf: Advance Tour,
and we'll be using Gene
for this round.
Gene used to be called
"The King of Birdies"
and was once the
champion of the Links Club.
He lost that title
when Kid defeated him in
Singles tournament play.
Right now, his stats seem
to be unremarkable.
His drive isn't really that
great since Kid, Mario,
and DK can all hit farther
than him.
His swing control and
impact leave a bit to
be desired.
His only real strength
is his above-average spin.
But let's see if
we can change that
with Custom Clubs.
We'll play on the Star Links
Course. 9 random holes
from the back tee.
Holy shit! I did not expect
that to happen.
We're off to a
pretty good start!
Probably shouldn't have
used backspin TBH.
Close, but no cigar.
Good thing the timing
was on point for the
2nd stroke.
Ugh, this is going to be tricky.
Gene's shot trajectory makes it
difficult to land the ball
on the green in the 1st shot.
Unsurprisingly, the ball didn't
land on the green.
Thankfully, we were still able
to salvage a birdie.
Goddamnit.
Third time's the charm.
Huh.
That's the third time
Gene got a birdie with a
chip-in.
Goddamn...
Gene's on a roll at this point.
Four birdies in a row and a
goddamn eagle on his first hole.
Too bad the birdie streak's
gonna end on this hole.
Good thing the ball still
landed on the fairway...
This could be trouble...
At this point, Gene's not
going to get an eagle
for this hole.
But a birdie is still possible.
Final Score: -8
A very good round for Gene.